planet Devil-Eye
	attributes "whispering void"
	landscape land/badlands6
	description `There are a few sturdy mesas on which to land, but most of this planet is rough rock and dirt. Despite the lack of sunlight, the surface is warm. There must be internal processes in the planet generating heat. The scanners on your computer show a network of caves reaching deep below ground. There's high radiation in the caves, too much to support human life. Crystalline formations that coat the cave walls block detailed scans. Advanced geological scanners might enlighten you further.`
	description `	There are automated deuterium refineries on this planet, siphoning deuterium from cave walls. The refinery equipment looks Hai in origin. Some mesas have fuel pumps, filling containers with fuel for later transport to the planet's moon.`

planet "Devil-Run Wormhole"
	spaceport ``
	wormhole "Devil-Run Wormhole"

wormhole "Devil-Run Wormhole"
	mappable
	link "Deep Space 7C" Devil-Run
	link Devil-Run "Deep Space 7C"
	
planet Elenchus
	attributes "whispering void"
	landscape land/space2
	description `Beneath the surface of this small moon, there is a network of corridors and large rooms. The architecture looks mostly human, but with a hint of Hai. Most are blocked off by sturdy doors with keycard access and plentiful security cameras. Frequently, you see a symbol similar to the Syndicate logo. Everywhere you walk, a security camera turns to track your movement. You get the feeling that you're not welcome here.`
	"required reputation" 10
	bribe 0
	
planet Aspiration
	attributes pirate
	landscape land/sea17-harro
	description `The world of Aspiration appears to be a mild, habitable world, but one currently in an advanced ice age now slowly retreating. The equatorial region of the planet is warm and comfortable, a cool temperate at the present time. The native biosphere seems to be mostly grasses and something resembling pine trees. In a few thousand years, it might look similar to Earth before it was paved over. For now, it's a sparse world with a single major town built on a promontory, overlooking a wide river mouth which carries runoff from continental scale glaciers to the sea.`
	spaceport `The spaceport on Aspiration is a spaceport in the same way that an airport at a regional town is an airport. It has the most minimal facilities to handle a ship landing without disturbance to the nearby town, and that is it. There are no shops or stalls. Aspiration is not on any trade routes and it does not expect visitors. A lone freighter is parked permanently on the outskirts.`
